fertigation treatment system recycle and
disinfect your nutrient solution even
after 25 years climate control systems
continues to manufacture and deliver
innovation of environment and fertilizer
control computers to a flourishing
greenhouse industry worldwide
ozone recirculation and filtration
system water supply and quality for
greenhouse crop production is very
important
the challenge is water and fertilizers
are becoming more expensive for
greenhouse crops
as well with the enactment of the
nutrient management act of 2002
greenhouse growers could be forced to
comply with any new regulation but the
greatest fear when implementing nutrient
solution recycling is that of disease
transfer via the recirculating solution
the answer can be found in the
fertigation treatment system
save 30 percent water use save
forty-percent fertilizer use and
disinfect removing plant pathogens and
bicarbonates all with ease of
maintenance
it begins with our pre filtration of the
collected wastewater with automatic
backwash and it continues through our
nano filtration technology which removes
the bacteria and leaves in dissolved
fertilizer nutrients and recirculated
solution to create a standard
spiral-wound membranes we construct the
flat sheet membrane using Hydra not X or
tomato casting equipment we begin the
process with a fabric support base and
then coat it with a microporous poly
cellphone layer this provides additional
support for the top point two micron
thick membrane barrier layer this top
barrier layer makes the actual
separation to purify the water the semi
permeable polyamide layer consists of a
thin film of polymeric material a few
thousand angstroms thick formed on a
porous supporting material semi
permeable membrane skin is formed on the
poly cellphone substrate by interfacial
polymerization of monomers containing a
mean and carboxylic acid chloride
functional groups
Hydra not x man Ying procedure enables
independent optimization of the distinct
properties of the membrane support and
salt rejecting skin the combination of
these three layers makes a durable
membrane flat sheet that is used in each
spiral wound element the membrane flat
sheet is then combined with a sheet of
feed channel spacer this provides
turbulence and create space between the
membrane sheets to allow uniform flow of
the water to the entire membrane surface
the leaves of membrane and feed channel
spacer are then combined with a sheet of
permeate spacer which provides open flow
channels for the permeate even under
high pressure the leaves are glued along
each of the three exposed sides and then
roll around the core tube
with the back of the membrane completely
sealed to the edges of the permeate
spacer the feed water is forced through
the feed channel spacer contacting the
front or barrier layer of the membrane
clean water or permeate passes through
the membrane surface into the permeate
channel and then flows in a spiral
direction to the center of the element
and is collected into the core tube
Hydra not expire around elements can
then be loaded into pressure vessels and
interconnected with additional elements
to complete any number of design
specifications once the end adapter is
connected to the last element and the
pressure vessel is sealed feed water can
be introduced and then treated the feed
water that does not permeate through the
membrane becomes enriched insults as it
travels through the feed channel spacer
do to permeate water being removed
typically eight to ten percent of the
water is removed in 140 inch long
membrane element the permeate water then
flows at the end of the vessel and is
collected as the product and the reject
are concentrated from that vessel may
then flow through another vessel
producing wall permeate you can improve
your bottom line immediately with the
fertigation treatment system
recycle and disinfect your nutrient
solution call your water nutrient
specialist at country code 1519 3 to 2
to 5 15 leamington Ontario Canada